I hear music and there's no one there. Smell blossoms and the trees are back. All night long I'm walking on air. I wonder why. I wonder why.
Hello everybody, from Hollywood, California, and Meltdown Comics, the Nerdist Theater. Harmon Sound is now in session. Please. Oh shit. Oh my god.
Tonight's attendance, 40,000 people. I love it. I love it. I love it. Please welcome to the stage the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. What a crowd. I don't know. What is it? I guess it's a million people. What's going on? Is there a convention? I think it's the World Cup. They have World Cup people.
They heard my World Cup coverage and they're like, okay, well, I'm sure it's unrelated but I was just getting some statistics. Some people like to celebrate this stuff.
I got into podcasting to forget about numbers. I'm fleeing a world too obsessed with ratings and things. I come here to not pay attention to these things. However, Harmontown, but when we went out on tour, I don't know, we used to get like 60,000 to 80,000 downloads per episode.
Now we're up to like 100,000 per episode. We had a million total when we went on that tour where we made that movie that no one ever gets to see. Now we just passed, I was told in the green room, 10 million downloads total.
But I'm sure a lot of people download them multiple times. I don't know. I don't know what you kids do. This is for freezes. We don't care. We don't care about no numbers.
I want to talk more about my giant new podium here. This is really exciting.
Yeah, just got a new podium. It looks like a 56 Buick. It's got a big light on the front with a logo we'll have to swap out for our own. Yeah, it's pretty great. I like this.
Alright, so what are we going to talk about? I just started doing couples therapy. It's a marriage pre-marriage counseling. You and Rob?
It's a long time coming.
No, Erin and I are, you know, we want to make sure the ship's all airtight before we take it out to the sea.
Am I right in recalling that she called it engagement camp?
Yeah, well, the counselor offers a six week program that she calls marriage camp or something like that. But after our consultation, she's like, I don't know, you know, maybe you guys should do this for a long time.
Maybe not so much a camp as like a condo.
Let's TP more of an asylum. How many have you been to?
Just one. There was one consultation and then we just had our first one on Friday.
Tell me, I'm very curious about that.
I'm really, it's really, it's pretty great. I think the most important thing is to have language, because as we all know relationships, the big obstacle for them is that they're competing in their most crucial phases with something that you can't compete with,
which is the courtship phase, where there's hormones, the chemicals pumping through your body, looking at this person across the room, you know, the whole high fidelity monologue with John Cusack.
It's like, you know, when your, when your lover is a stranger to you and you're, you just love drinking a big glass of water of how you look in their eyes and everything is fantastic.
It's like, then you seal a deal and that's when the really rewarding stuff starts to happen, like a 30 year life together, for instance.
But at the same time, the big problem with that is that, you know, you can sometimes feel like, like, well, it's like, well, now I don't, now I'm not on fire all the time.
Like, now we're actually, now you know what a shitty person I am. Now we fight sometimes and then the person I had that fight with is still there, you know.
It's not like you're getting a fight and you're like, I don't want to see you anymore. It's like, we got in a fight and now I'm going to keep seeing you forever because I love you, but we had like eight fights.
So it's, and I think that I think the coolest thing is that combats that phenomenon is this shared language. I think that's when artifice really comes in handy.
Like, it's like, like, you get tools, you get told like, okay, this is the phrase, this is a phrase we use for this thing, so that you both know that phrase so that you're not just on autopilot.
So when you start to get into a fight or something, you actually have a thing that you can talk about, say, go like, oh, is this a scenario seven, you know, kind of thing.
And my big thing was that my epiphany has been this thing that the counselor called emotional bids, emotional bids, Jeff. Bids.
So, you know, when there's two people in a conversation, my thing has always been, well, one person's always going to need something and then the other person's always going to be having to give it, which means that one person's getting like robbed.
You know, like, I always feel like everyone's trying to steal my life force away from me and my time, my energy, like, fish hooks are coming at me and they're going to get into me and if I don't fend them off and police my own space,
I'm going to get dragged into someone else's, like, energy and I'm going to get dragged down and I'm going to lose my life for three hours of playing Borderlands 2 or something.
The counselor said, here's the thing that couples do, they make emotional bids.
So you say, like, for instance, one of my big things that makes me insane is that if I'm driving and Aaron says, look at that, look at that thing over there.
My immediate emotional reaction is to go, God damn it, I don't want to look at shit.
I always, I hate it.
That's fair.
I hate it when people, that's my extreme example of, like, how extreme it is with me.
Like, I hate fucking, like, I hate when people go, like, look at that, like, I'm thinking, I hate you, don't make me look it.
I have my own head, I can swivel it, I have eyes, if I want to look at something, I'll look at it, like, that's me being crazy.
But that's just an example of, like, somebody saying, look at that, or somebody saying, like, oh, Game of Thrones is on tomorrow.
Like, anything, any sound you make, anything, it's an emotional bid.
My new way of seeing it, the counselor said it to me.
Why is it a bid?
Well, I'm going to.
Don't interrupt me.
Look over here.
No, look over here.
You have to think of the relationship as a third thing in the room with you and your lover.
When a person wants something from you, don't even look at it that way.
You think of it as them putting a little poker chip, a bid, into the relationship bank.
So you don't have to think about it like, I have to give you something or you need something, it's like, it's you putting something in to this third thing.
And then you can have three responses to that, one of three.
You can do what's called facing forward, which is like acknowledging it, which is a form of putting your own bid in there to match it.
And both parties are going to draw checks on this bank from time to time.
You need your relationship to be there when you're feeling bummed out.
Sometimes you're sick or you're in bad mood, you feel fat, you want to, you go like, oh, can I fall back on this relationship, you know?
And if it's overdrawn, if there's no trust, if it's like somebody puts a bid in it and then if you go like, for example, by saying like, oh, our favorite show's on tonight.
If you go, yeah, yeah, that's you taking the bid out, like wiping your ass with it.
I don't know where the metaphor goes, but you're not matching it.
And then what happens is, and this happens a lot with men and women, is that because men have this thing, they think too logically in their discourse.
So it's like, look at that thing, isn't that pretty?
And then the guy will tend too often to go like, I don't see how that's more pretty than anything else in particular.
Trying to make sure, because I think we're socialized, at least American men are socialized to be more logical, not change our minds and all this stuff.
And then like, so that's like an example of you betray the trust and then the other person will double down on the bid and start putting more shit in there.
And then they get all messed up and like, they go like, I don't know.
I do everything and you don't do anything.
It comes out at random times, like, I could put so much shit into this relationship and all that stuff.
All you got to do is just like retrain your brain, even if it's perfunctural, because they've done these studies where they take like, they finally started taking like couples science into like, like they just study us like animals now.
And they just take like people who are happy as couples and they just study their behavior and they found that if you can make bad couples emulate good couples behavior, bad couples can turn into good couples.
They get happy.
So what is the good behavior?
The good behavior is just that rhythm of matching emotional bids.
Like someone, if someone petitions the relationship for acknowledgement, then you got to, you got to ring that bell too.
You just, just once, that's it.
Hey, look at that bridge.
Oh, yeah, that's a great bridge.
Like without being sarcastic, you know, you don't have to agree that it's a great bridge, but you also don't be a shithead.
Like just, just say, yeah, it's a great bridge, like, like, like, like, just, just stop, you know, face forward, like, like literally physically face the person that wants your attention and engage them for just as much time as they said, Game of Thrones is on tomorrow.
Yeah, isn't that show great?
Like just, just fucking match it.
Don't I want to talk about this look over there thing and look at the bridge thing.
Like, is that, is that, are you, are you making that up as an actual thing?
No, like, I, I, hey, look, hey, that restaurant's closed and I got, you know, that's, you might have a bad reaction to her just saying, look at that thing.
Yes, yes.
Really?
Anybody.
I can't handle like, like, I don't multitask.
So if I, like, you know, no one ever knows when I'm thinking about something that, that, like, I could just be standing or doing nothing.
And what you don't know is that I'm actually engaged in something mentally.
Right.
And then somebody goes like, like, you like hot dogs?
Like, like, if, if I was literally not thinking about anything, if I was just going like, I hope someone talks to me and someone goes, you like hot dogs?
I'll go like, oh, I like all kinds of them.
I like foot logs and I like mustard and, and, and that person's like, God, I'm so glad I came over and talked to Dan Harmon.
But if I, here I am, I'm not only am I, I'm learning about hot dogs.
I thought I knew about them.
He knows more.
And, and, and then we're like, you know, cut to us.
Like just arm and arm.
We got a hot dog store or some kind of, but, but if I'm standing there and I happen to be like running some kind of like program, like I'm going like, I've got just thinking about something.
Like running through a conversation in my head or, you know, creating my next masterpiece, of course.
You guys didn't laugh hard enough at that.
Now I feel like a shithead.
Didn't sound like a joke.
I'm like an emotional bid.
And then you're like hot dogs.
I'm like, what?
Yeah.
Like mad, like shaking you off like you're a mosquito.
What?
What are you asking me?
Because I don't even hear it the first time.
I just hear like noise.
I'm like, what, what, what, what, what, what do you want?
I'll just ask you if you like hot dogs.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
I like hot dogs.
Jesus Christ.
You know, I kind of like.
Creating a masterpiece of my clientele.
So, so that may or may not ever change about me, but what can change about me is I can go from not valuing the relationship enough to take action to valuing the relationship enough to take action.
So, so if it's like, it's not about me, that was my big fear about couples therapy is like, oh, they're going to pop the hood open on me.
I know it's not her that's going to have to change a bunch of shit for us to be happy.
There's going to be fucking blue wires and red wires going to be cut and one of them is going to blow up and the, but, but it's not that.
It's not really that case.
It's like, it's for better or for worse, the kind of like the couples therapy perspective is if you're fucked up, you're fucked up.
But how do you, how do you make a relationship work with a fucked up person?
The fucked up person like what while you're fucked up, here's some things you can do to make your relationship not fucked up.
So in that moment now, now that you have that, that, that intellectual knowledge of like the emotional bids thing.
Now when you're in your own, because I'm also the same way.
I think probably most of us are like, I get lost in my own thoughts and when somebody interrupts them, I have no idea what's going on.
Like I'm kind of listening where I'm kind of also caught up in my own shit.
Now if Aaron says look at that bridge or do you like hot dogs, you, you, you still going to probably react in that first moment of.
No, emotionally, yes.
Like I won't be able to stop myself from like the counselor says it's like when you hit your knee with a hammer.
It's just a reflex reflexes or reflexes, but you have an internal reflexive reaction, but that can be a dinner bell.
Like that can be like a triangle that rings that you, that is a reminder.
Oh, this is the, that moment where I, I do that thing where I stop, face her and acknowledge what she just said.
And then go back to, you know, so it's like, yeah, it's literally just changing your behavior.
So, so you're, you're lost in thought.
You're creating a masterpiece.
Someone says, do you like hot dogs?
You hear, wow, wow, wow, wow.
So in my head, I go, what the fuck, who, what does he want?
Shut up.
And then I turn, I started like, like, did you say, do I like hot dogs?
Yes, I did.
Yeah, I do.
Oh, thank you.
I'm so glad I talked to Dan Harmon.
And you know what, sir?
If I was just thinking about my next masterpiece, so I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude, but I'm going to go back to that.
My emotional bid.
Now he can either honor that or not.
He can, he can be like, fuck off.
Get your head out of your ass.
You fucking fuck.
Whatever.
But, but, but yeah, it's like, like that's another form of an emotional biz.
Be honest about whether or not you want to hang out or need space.
How do you know when, I guess the metaphor for the bid thing is that you can, you can keep anti-ing and someone can keep just taking the money off the table and not put anything back in.
That's, that's, that's every guy's first question is what if you keep matching emotional bids and you keep having to look at 20 bridges per second.
That's my, it was my first question.
And then I went to the Rick and Morty writers room and I was so excited about these tools I had learned and every guy was like, immediately was like, what if, but what if you look at the bridge and then say a nice bridge and then you got to do it again five seconds later.
That, that what if, what if the other person abuses me doing the normal right thing and is called mistrust and, and trust is the foundation of a relationship.
So you can, you can change anything you want about a house, but if you don't have trust in a relationship, it doesn't, it just doesn't matter.
It's just like a fucked up house.
So, so, so you just have to fucking jump in like, you just have to do the sides of that.
You're not going to have to look at 20 bridges. There aren't 20 bridges.
She's like, like, she really, she really just wants, it's like breathing, it's respiration.
Look at the, look at the bridge.
It's nice. It's just like, am I, am I in a relationship with you?
I'm just a microscopic little penny stock level, like, like just a little micro trade, like that keeps the fucking market going.
Look at that bridge. Yeah.
Okay. I see that bridge.
I'm in the space with you. I am not, I am not numb.
I am not like, like astral projecting over Miami right now.
What is, what does your stance on bridges?
Like, do you, do you like bridges?
I don't ever need to look at them.
I think that people put them there because there was something that needed to be ignored, like a ravine.
Look at that, people were saying, look at that ravine.
And they're like, yeah, we got to put a bridge over that thing.
Now, 20 years later, there's a bridge on that.
It's like, it's like, how, like, I don't have to worry about my, the teeth fillings.
It fell the teeth.
I just got to eat the corn.
So that's, I'm living my life and I want to look at my teeth.
What about the Brooklyn Bridge or the San Francisco Golden Gate?
Just a big dumb thing that, that's just a big dumb thing, Jeff. It's a bridge. Who cares?
Seven people died in the construction of that.
They should, they, they were probably looking at the fucking bridge too much.
Oh, look at this bridge I'm building.
No, look at your work.
They died when there was no bridge. They died when it was still a river.
Well, it's so good. It's good they built the bridge. Thank you for dying.
I don't want to look at the, I don't want to look at the bridge.
Why not?
Because it's a bridge, and I see it on a postcard. It's everywhere. It doesn't matter. I see it on TV.
Do you like, do you like building or do you like to see a skyscraper?
No, I don't like architecture. I think it's all dumb.
I don't like, I think that's what we're learning right now is that you just,
like there's certain things that some people find fascinating that you don't disregard.
Yeah.
Do you like nature? Like you say, look at that sunset. Look at that mountain. Look at that.
Barely. Barely. Nature gets this much from me.
I, when we were at, you know, if I, if I'm in a new climate, like when we went to Banff,
the city so nice they removed its vowels. It was like in the middle of a national party.
So nice they effed it twice.
The, yes, that's it. Okay.
Thank you.
Yes.
That did deserve a plus.
It deserved exactly that much.
No, it didn't deserve a standing ovation. It deserved a nice polite.
It was like a parlor trick what you did there. It was like, it's like,
like if you'd made a ping pong ball come out of my nose, it would deserve that much a plus.
Yeah. If it's breathtaking, you know, it's like, wow, look at that.
That looks like the shining. It looks like, it looks like that movie I like.
Right.
You know, look at all those trees. There's so many trees.
You never, you never just drive it on the road or just stop and go, oh my God,
there's fucking beautiful water right now.
I do that once. I took a road trip by myself.
Were you hurt during the process?
I remember like, I'm just going to drive and I'm going to like look at nature.
Was this your vision quest?
Yeah, my vision quest where I ended up just eating at different sizzlers across the country.
Because I don't know what I'm doing.
I was like, I'm just going to get out there and throw a blade of grass in the air in whichever way it points.
I'm going to drive that way and, you know, I'm going to meet Reese Witherspoon
and she's going to guide me on a thing or make a mixtape for me
and I'm going to get cancer and then recover.
All the shins are going to be playing and I'm going to be like,
like finding shit is going to be me in a silhouetted against the sun
on a cliff edge going, ah!
Just different hotels, people going, do you have a reservation?
No. Well, what were you thinking?
I'm on a vision quest.
In Denver?
I didn't know I was going to end up here.
Ooh la la, you're in the asshole suite.
There's coffee in the morning.
Do you not want us to tell you that?
Chief vision quest?
No, I want to know this coffee.
I was like, I'm just going to drive, I'm going to take this back road
and then the sun was setting over this field and I was like,
I bet that's the kind of thing that people call beautiful.
You mean human beings?
I'm going to get out of the car and enjoy it like in a movie
and I pulled my car over.
I was like perfectly quiet and beautiful and I got out of the car
and I was just like into a cloud of gnats.
And I ran five feet down the road.
Jesus Christ, that cloud and the gnats followed me.
Imagine that cloud of gnats, they're like, do they like heads?
I don't understand gnats, are they waiting for a head?
And then when one comes to them, they're like, we're stoked.
I think that you perceive a gnat cloud because your head is in a bunch of gnats.
There's also gnats over there too.
No, but they're in clouds gnats.
There's like a cloud, such a thing as a cloud of gnats.
It's an isolated localized phenomenon.
They cluster, they like each other.
I don't know if that's just them reproducing or talking, sharing notes on gnats,
and then your head goes in it, but it seems like once your head goes in it,
they're like, there's a head!
And you move your head and they move with you because they're like,
it's a head, that's our new religion.
We left this guy's head.
It start does it here.
Because they left it going in your nose and your ears.
They're little gratos, like gnats are hooking up in your mouth.
Anyways, so I got back in the car and yeah, I never got out of it again.
And I'm still happy, I'm still creating masterpieces.
But are you saying that you don't generally or frequently or sometimes once in a while
have like look around and go, oh shit, like that's what I want to do?
Yeah, no, I like weather, like I go like, oh, it's such a beautiful night,
like when it's really nice.
Yeah, I like that.
Tactile, like things.
Like, oh, what a nice feeling night.
Like a little salty blanket around me.
A salty blanket?
Do you want me to give you a salty blanket?
Is that where you jitter my head or something like that?
It's a little, just to call it out like that.
Oh, and also, hey, listen to this.
Listen to the sound my throat makes when I laugh now.
Wait, you have to listen for the, like.
To the, for the rheumatism?
It sounds like a card and bicycle spokes.
What on earth?
That's not good.
That's what I asked the doctor.
I went to an eyes, nose, and throat guy.
What is that about?
Well, I don't know what.
I want a fucking answer.
I don't want to live in a world where there's no answer for that.
Well, he put a camera.
First, he numbed to my nose by shoving a wad of cotton up my nose.
And then he gave me five minutes.
I'll give you five minutes.
That'll numb your nose.
You'll thank me.
Ha, ha, ha.
And then he came back and, like, like, what do they do when they leave for five minutes?
Is that just that, like, like, doctors fucking suck at the worst.
They're just a chair life.
He's not going to hang out for the five minutes that you're going to get numb.
He's going to go do a thing.
They answer an email.
Put some candy crush.
And he put candy.
I thought he was going to place candy crush.
So he comes back and then he takes this camera, which is like, it's like a spaghetti noodle,
like a black spaghetti noodle.
And he just inserts it into my nasal passage and I can feel it.
He says, this won't hurt, but it will tickle.
He was right, but it will hurt psychologically to know a thing is invading your fucking
passages.
It didn't physically hurt, but it broke my mind.
It made me feel small and like an animal.
It made me feel like a small animal, like a, like a, like an ocelot at a zoo.
And they're, and they're just like, he just like kept feeding it and I can feel it going
down my throat.
Like, it was like, you're totally like, you're awake.
Yeah.
I'm just hanging out.
I'm sitting in a chair and he gave you like a local anesthetic.
Yeah.
Nose.
Meanwhile, this thing going down your throat.
Yeah.
And he's like, okay.
I don't know if he's just trying to be different.
I'd say it probably opens up your, like, I is up your leverage.
So you're, well, why not?
Ah, is he just trying to be hip?
I don't know.
I think he sounds more, maybe I think he's like, ah, he's like fucking bullshit.
Yeah.
Say, ah, this is silver like, man, say E. It wasn't open your mouth and say, so I said
E. And then every time I said it, like, I could feel it in my fucking like nose membrane
vibrating.
That's why he had you say E because he knew that would fucking happen.
Oh, he's not looking at my nose thing.
That's just where the cables run down my fucking throat.
But that's symptomatic.
He wants to look at something in my throat.
So he says like, okay, there's no, there's no tumors on your vocal cords.
He just fucking blurted that out.
I'm like, thanks for letting me know that was a possibility.
So when I, when you heard that, you thought, let's look for that tumor.
Let's find out where that tumor is and just kept your fucking cool.
That's what he should have done with that five minutes.
Well my nose, no, I'm just gonna take this five minutes to talk about, talk to you about
fucking cancer.
No, because then you, then your throat would tighten up and the thing wouldn't get in there.
You want to be fucking loose as a goose.
So everything's, everything's built on a lie in these, in these buildings and it's full
of these people in white coats that, that, that they have.
Take it easy, man.
There's no, there's no, I've said, said it before, I'll say it again, a serial killer
is, is just a doctor without a parental support system.
It's just, it's just, it's just a kid who didn't, couldn't afford medical school.
They all start by looking at a cat under the crawl space and gets pulled out.
They all go like, oh, that's neat.
I want to see what's inside there.
And then then some of them end up just stalking the fucking streets of, of, of Buffalo.
And then others end up charging you 60 grand to, to, to hit your knee with a hammer.
You live in a terrifying world.
You just like, like, these people, like, they want to open you up and they, they love it.
They love it.
And everything's a shot with them.
Like, I can't wait to put a needle in you and take out your plasma out of your body,
your vital liquids, you, the seawater simulation that we evolved to carry with us, to keep
us alive.
You know, like when we came out of the ocean, are you having a stroke right now, man?
I, I'm worried about you right now.
Do it, do it, do it again.
Are you, how do we, I'm pretty sure that's a tumor, that's got to be a tumor.
What makes sense?
It's not a tumor.
It's so dumb.
Don't, uh, come on.
No, that, that doesn't, that does deserve applause too.
Not more than the f-dit twice, uh, certainly not, certainly not.
There's, there's, there's different reasons to applaud.
That was some cullier level shit.
He said tumor, I can go, it's novel tumor.
Uh, anyways, not to, not to punish you, to keep your reactions organic, you, you, I'm
not going to punish you.
I'm fucking alarmed at that sound.
There's like a dude in there, there's like an indie film being produced.
And there's like a guy in a larynx who's like, where am I, where's I, I can't imagine
why, but it felt as raising his hand over here.
I, please be a doctor.
Uh, I have tumors on my vocal cords, not a big deal.
Oh.
I, I'm not sure we got that on mic.
He said, oh, I have tumors on my vocal cords.
Not a big deal.
All right.
Cool.
Well, I don't have them.
So I probably have something worse.
Is the tumor in your trachea a big deal?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, now I get to.
Do you, do you make that sound when you do it on an exhale like that?
As far as I know, I don't.
No.
Try it out.
The reason why I found out about it is because of all this podcaster-y, like I've been listening
to myself, you can hear it and like, I, you should Tyler's podcast, like you hear, I,
when I laugh, I go off and go, and then, and then like, like, it sounds like the mic's
broken or something.
Maybe you're just, maybe you're just purring.
Anyways, there's no discomfort or anything.
It's just this sound.
So I,
Another hand is right.
I want this.
Please.
I'll be doctors.
Do you snore too?
I snore and I do.
When I gain a certain amount of weight, I get sleep apnea.
Like I, I'll, I'll wake up like, like freaking out.
Thank you for asking.
Uh, so that's, these are questions the guy asks a doctor.
So he pulls the camera out.
He pulls it out, which was so fucked up.
Like, it was like, it was like, you know,
He's pulling out like, like just like anal beads and just like those, like, like anal
beads.
Yeah.
Like yank.
I'm, I'm assuming nasal beads.
Yeah.
It was kind of like, like, like these people don't care about the, you know, they, they
look at us like, they look at us like, like animals.
I'm assuming they reuse that because it's got to be tech technology.
But they, they, they, they, how do they clean that thing off?
It's been done a million people.
Yeah.
He just put it down and I'll bet you 10 bucks.
The next guy that came in, he's probably, he probably sprays it.
He sprays it with like a, you know, a mist of like avion or something.
He probably like runs it under a UV light or something like that, that, that some pharmaceutical
company gave him for free to push pills.
Here, is that from, from Raziplas.
It's a free gift.
This, this UV light will make all the AIDS go off of your equipment.
Go ahead.
Trust us.
And don't forget Raziplas.
For every $80 Raziplas prescription will give you a golf club.
So he pulls it out.
Do you have anything, did he say, here's why you're, you make that sound all of a sudden?
No.
He said, he said, no tumors on your vocal cords, which I'm now finding out would have been
the fucking jackpot.
No, it just wouldn't have been a big deal, man.
And now, and then he said, okay, so now I'm going to get, here's what I, here's what
we have to eliminate as a possibility.
You have acid reflex.
What sometimes can happen is it'll, during your sleep, some acid will splash into your
trachea.
Trachea will swell up a little bit and that can make that sound.
Like the, like, I don't know.
It's like a flappy.
It looks like your trachea is farting when you're exhaling like, because it's a little
swollen from the acid.
So he gives me like advanced Prilosec, like a kind of like free samples of some kind of
shit.
And then he gave me a shot at cortisone because I honestly think it's just because they like
to hurt people.
I don't, I don't, I don't, the cortisone was supposedly supposed to clear the pathways
or something.
They just, they just don't feel like they've done their job unless they've inflicted some
kind of torture on someone.
They take a nose and that's the first line.
I know, but why do you think that is if you protest too much, you know, like, like, like,
okay, all right, I swear to God, I'm not a serial killer.
If you have to say that before you go to work, like, fucking go to check it out.
You know, I don't know, man, paranoid.
It's called, uh, well, uh, Latrophobia.
Fear of doctors.
Look it up, man.
All right.
So you're good.
You're all right.
No, I'm not good.
I mean, I'm, I mean, I'm Schrodinger's, uh, uh, health.
I know, because it's not, he gave me this stuff and it's not going away.
Jesus.
It's fucking really disturbing.
So I had to schedule an appointment.
If you, it sounds like almost like a read the way read instruments make notes.
Yeah.
If you, if you actually held hard enough, you might make a nice note.
Go really hard.
Try it.
Uh, so anyways, if it doesn't go away, which it clearly isn't, and I go to a follow-up
appointment, then I got to get a CAT scan, which is, as we all know, is the thing you
get before they tell you you're dying.
She, she, I was going to make a bad joke.
I would have gotten no applause.
What if they gave me a cat?
Were you going to say, what if they gave you a CAT scan and there was a cat in you?
I was going to say Schrodinger's CAT scan.
Wow.
Good night, everybody.
I think, I don't know how much of that was like, they're like, let's do a bit by it.
I guarantee the people clapping all thought of that joke too, they're applauding themselves
for that one.
All right.
It's like an HP Lovecraft, like, it's a pineal gland, you can end up sounding like Tom Waits,
like, are you going to get that?
I don't know.
I don't know, man.
Well, no, because it's not on my vocal cords.
It's not.
I may end up.
Wait, so what's it on?
Is it your larynx or what?
He's trachea?
Trachea.
All right, let's bring out a son of a doctor, Kumeil Nagyare.
I am a son of a doctor.
It's very hard to bite my little lip back there while you're going off on half my family's
chosen profession.
But your dad's a shrink, right?
Yeah, they're also psychopaths.
They're like, we don't just play God with the body, we play God with the mind.
Is he a psychiatrist or a psychologist?
Iotrist.
Psychiatrist.
So he can, yeah, he's probably experimenting with all kinds of drugs all the time.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's like sort of furthering Nazi technology.
He's got like people under there that he's crossbred with monkeys and stuff like that.
He's doing some new shit.
I don't know.
I don't think my dad has an exciting life.
I don't think he's like, first of all, he is, he's a very kind, nice man.
And he, I think, genuinely is affected by people being sick around him, which is not
good because that's not a good doctor.
You don't want a doctor who's crying on the operating table, like, oh, fuck this.
I hope I get this right.
Oh, shit.
Why?
Why did I choose this?
I think it really is like that.
I see him, I see him be affected by that.
But I think he's a psychiatrist and I don't, I don't know if he's like dealing with really
interesting stuff or anything.
Does he have like an office downtown?
No.
Downtown Pakistan?
Yeah.
Well, Pakistan, as you know, is an eight-block radius, isn't it?
We just got our second ice cream shop.
Very exciting.
We do have seven Starbucks, though.
That's just a Starbucks drug.
Can I ask you guys a question?
What do you guys make of these people in the movies and on the TV shows when they, when
someone asks them to sit and then they go, I'd rather stand?
Who, what is it?
I don't get those people.
Why would you?
That is a very specific beef, my friend.
I was just thinking about that.
You know, like...
I mean, also, I would say who tells, I'd like you to sit down for this.
Yeah.
Who does that, first of all?
If someone said to you, like, look at that bridge, you'd be, fuck you.
Yeah.
And so it goes, sit down.
You go, fuck, now I'm standing.
But I get it.
Okay, yeah.
But it's never like that in the movies.
It's more like, it's more like, like, you're supposed to sit because, you know, they want
to tell you something you don't want to hear and then the person's like, I'll do it, standing.
Like what kind of, what kind of conviction is that?
Just sit.
It's a free seat.
How often do you get to sit in this life?
I mean, how many battles do you get to fight that you're definitely going to win?
Like that's one of them, right?
Oh, okay.
Like, this one I win.
Make me sit.
Yeah.
Next time someone tells me to sit, I'm definitely going, I'd rather stand.
Definitely.
You know what I always wanted to do in my life is when someone says, are we clear?
I want to say crystal.
I want to do that, you know, I also want to say like game, recognize game and like a
ironic game, recognize game, recognize game.
People do that.
No, no, no.
That phrase.
It's badass.
Say it again.
Game, recognize game.
Like, like, oh, you're good, I'm good, and we see each other.
Yeah.
Wait, I don't get it.
Like we're both con artists or not a game.
I mean, game, you two great minds think alike.
Yeah.
Game, recognize game.
That's so dumb.
Wait, wait, wait, am I not being clear that did not set you up for crystal?
Also, he doesn't recognize game, Camille.
No.
I recognize clunky.
Clunky.
Recognize clunky.
That is hard to say.
Game, recognize game.
That's a lot of fucking consonants and you guys have heard that, right?
That's not a smooth thing.
It's still really stupid.
It's really.
Game, recognize game.
Well, you know why you guys don't recognize game.
I recognize game.
I don't think, I don't think liking that thing means you have game.
I think that's, that's, that's an absence of games to say no, like Joshua in war games.
Like, like it makes you sound like a robot.
Game recognize game.
Yeah.
No, it's a conveying an idea with only three words that would take longer than three words
to convey.
It's not even a real sentence.
It's caveman language.
No, but you're conveying.
It doesn't matter if it's a real thing.
What are you conveying?
I still don't even understand it.
Okay.
See?
It's so hard.
You've got no game, man.
Yeah.
If I had to explain it to you, you've got, you've got, you've got game, you've got game.
So if you've got game, and I've got game, game recognize game, also game, game hate
verbs.
Yeah.
Tacho loves recognize.
Recognize is a verb, motherfuckers, but, but it, uh, uh, you have to recognize verbs
game, game hate sweat, prepositional phrase, let him know fire, kill mother.
I mean, like, I like, are we clear at crystal because that sounds filming the wire.
That's good.
Yeah.
Um, let me come up with another three word thing.
Oh, uh, uh, vocal cord tumors.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one.
And by the way, I think you should go to a different doctor.
I like, yeah, I like how Blassey, that one, I said, I got you got tumors all over your
throat.
It's no big deal, bro.
No big deal.
Hey, I have great news.
You have tumors all up in your throat.
I have to go home.
Game recognized game.
I was, I was at the, I may have said this on the show before, but I don't think so.
I was at the airport at 10am, uh, LAX and one of the shitty terminals cause all LAX
terminals are the worst cause it's not a good airport.
I'm from LA.
I, I'm proud of LA, but our airport is shit.
And I was sitting there.
It was like nine, 10am and the bar is rammed at 10am.
Like somehow it's okay at the airport to get beer with your breakfast at 9am.
There's no rules.
Fuck everything.
Airports, airports are for drinking.
Drink at an airport.
It's fucking great.
Is it?
Yeah.
They have a, they have a, uh, uh, a bar, well, you, in, in, in, in Europe, like, like,
like, like, in Ireland, um, you sound like a child right now.
Cause I'm excited.
There's this bar in Ireland, in Europe, Dan, Dan, should we, should we be sitting down
for the story?
There was a flight out of Dublin, uh, and, and there's a, there's like a fucking, it's
like a pub, like, like, like it was like a cross from the gate.
Like it was like, I sat and I had a pint, like a child trying to, uh, describe Legoland
right now.
There was, there was this bar and, uh, they had pints and they, and they have one in Chicago,
perhaps to Chicago, O'Hare, O'Hare is the worst airport in Ireland.
That's not true.
Not true.
But they have a bar there that while, while, while, over a bar in Chicago now, I've heard
everything.
At the airport, like, like here's the problem with most bars now that's like, like in airports,
like they've all, they've all become like these like fucking Flanagan Johnson's.
They have.
Open at noon.
Yeah.
Um, closes at 3 p.m.
Uh, and then they've got fucking robots on the, on the bottles so that no one can, that
of fury.
Oh, is that right?
They've got an overpour and the bartender's like, if you, if you make fun of it, it's
like, it's like, oh, meet, meet, mop, mop.
Is that a proper shot?
Good job.
Logan's run.
Like, wait, he got upset at that?
The bartender's really quick.
Recognize game.
They, they, I'm fucking hitting three pointers all night tonight, man.
You don't, I fucking can't lose.
Um, all right.
Anyway, whatever, there's a, there's an airport bar in Chicago that's like, like, it's goofy
because it's like kind of like, like, uh, is it the, the all brushed aluminum sports
center kind of?
No, it's like a, it's like a bright white, like it's like, it's like you're in the Billy
Jean video and Michael Jackson has touched all the everything.
Wow.
Okay.
Oh, younger crowd.
Uh, by the way, if you guys don't get it, it is a fucking spot on description.
That was pretty amazing.
Um, but so it's, so in that sense, it's not the place, it's not a place that I would
drink out if it was, it was just in Los Angeles, but, but here's the kick.
Here's the, here's the thing.
No fucking kids because it's like clearly a grown up place.
And so there's not fucking families go like eating their mustard sandwiches with their
fucking strollers going like, I can't wait to get the Disney world.
And it's like, I'm a fucking alcoholic.
Get out of here.
Yeah.
This is my job.
I'm at work right now.
It used to be part of the culture, you know, you go to the airport and it's like, oh, it's
the airport.
There's no law here.
Booze wise.
You can't be judged for drinking at 9am because it might be 3pm to you.
You might be from Melbourne.
That is what it is.
People think they can get away with it.
And also you're in a, like I was just at Chicago O'Hare and where there's like a Mexican,
like there's a big, there's a big food court area and off the side is the Mexican place
of really good guacamole, you know, this place.
And it was really international.
Like everybody was from some, it was like an internationally airport.
Everybody there was from somewhere like, like she was from like part of Mexico.
Someone was from Portugal.
It wasn't all people from Chicago.
No.
I mean, there were people that were connecting through, but everybody was from somewhere
interesting and they were all going to cool places too because it's in there.
How do you know?
Because we all talked.
It was 9am.
He talks to strangers.
He talks to strangers all the time.
Life is like a Stephen King movie without any threat.
I'll go for that.
I'll go for it.
No.
It's just random people connecting.
But there's no boogings outside the fight.
I forget what terminal in Chicago O'Hare.
There's the sporty one.
It's kind of shit.
It's all brushed aluminum.
It is a cranky old fucker that works behind the bar and he's hilarious.
And people that go to the airport a lot go to that bar because he's really funny.
Do you meet a bunch of characters?
It's like a weird cheers kind of situation.
And I actually have met people at that bar in Chicago and gotten their phone numbers
and hung out with them when I came back to town because it's a good place.
This is not good behavior.
You shouldn't be.
It's called having a personality.
This is fucking hanging out with me.
Crazy.
You talk to people.
So anyway, let's get back to my fucking story.
So I met LAX 10am, maybe even 9am and we're at the fucking bar and it's absolutely jammed
with people.
And maybe there was a delay in a flight so it's just completely rammed.
So many interesting people, right?
Yeah.
Well, I get in there and there's nowhere to sit or to stand.
There's no seats at the bar.
There's no table.
So I just walk up and think, I'll have a beer while I'm getting ready to get in the plane.
It's 9am.
I'll have a beer.
We're at the airport.
Yeah.
And I go up there and I wave down the bar to her and he looks at me and he goes, ID!
He just yells ID!
Oh, Jesus Christ.
So I take out my ID and I put it in the bar and then he goes away for a while to make
a drink.
Then he comes back and goes, what do you want?
He didn't look at the ID.
No, no, no.
The ID is on the bar.
Okay.
He's got his hand on it and he's looking at it and he goes, what do you want?
I go, I'd like a Modelo speciale.
He goes, $6!
And so I go, okay.
And he stands there and waits for me to take the money out.
Like he couldn't just go make it.
He's standing there staring at me with his hand on my ID.
And I take the money out and then he takes the money and goes away.
He's all angry.
It's fucking 9am.
It's too busy.
He gives me the beer and there's nowhere to be.
So I just stand behind the people at the bar and I start to drink my beer and he goes,
you can't stand when you're drinking here.
And I turned to them and said, I can stand it if you can.
Which I thought was pretty good for 9am.
No fucking laugh at all.
I can stand it.
Are we clear?
Crystal.
That's fucking better than that.
Because it was on the fucking fly.
Yeah.
You can't stand when you're drinking here.
I can stand it if you can.
No.
Don't give me your fucking bullshit apply.
I thought it was pretty good.
For me, the least believable part of the story is that a beer at the airport costs $6.
It was $8.
Whatever the fuck it was, $8.
So speaking of Chicago, you were in my hometown of Milwaukee.
Yeah.
I'm in Chicago.
I was in Chicago, Minneapolis and Milwaukee.
It was great.
Was it?
Were they a good crowd in Milwaukee?
They were an awesome crowd.
I asked you.
I was like, hey, what's the vibe of the city?
And you said blue collar liberal.
Yeah.
It was awesome.
I had a great time.
I met Frito.
Frito.
He did not introduce himself as that.
Is it Frito?
Frito.
Well, his name is Frito, F-R-I-E-D-E-L, German name, but we always called him Frito, because
it just sounds like Frito.
Frito.
These guys.
No.
Rob Schrab.
It was Schraub yesterday.
He told me the story of how he drove you around while you were losing your virginity in the
backseat.
Well, that actually sounds better than the sad fact is that he would accompany me because
I was afraid to navigate the freeway systems of Milwaukee when I was 16, 17, 16, I was
like, I don't know how to get to this girl's apartment without getting lost.
So he would come with me because he was more grown up than me at our age.
And I rewarded him for his partnership by letting him sit in the girl's living room
and watch TV while I would make out with her in her bedroom.
And then-
What about the family?
Well, do you mean the kid, her kid that was in a crib next to the bed where we were making
out?
You know, sometimes just like a little physical detail in a story opens up the whole afternoon.
Yeah.
Picture a crib with a baby in it and then me making out with the mother of the child
and then above, on the wall above us is a dot matrix printed banner for new kids on
the block.
Wow.
That just said new kids on the block.
And actually said, I heart Jordan Knight.
Every detail of this story made me sadder.
She printed that out for herself and that's in the nursery that she loves Jordan Knight.
Hold.
She was like 20, I think.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Old enough to know better.
That's how I wrote.
I didn't know if I wanted a woman old enough that Howard having a baby wasn't like kind
of a bummer.
But then the NKOTB thing, that's what I'm calling it.
That would have been a bummer.
So there's no good age for that.
No.
Unless she was like, it was like, you know, Susan Sarandon and I was like, you know, coming
up.
But then why does she like, why does she like new kids on the block?
Then that's.
Oh, that'd be weird.
Well, maybe.
Maybe she thought our baby would like it.
Yeah.
That is the banner.
So for poor Frito, not only would he like wingman me or whatever you call that, like
sat in the living room and like, well, we would make out chauffeur when it when it finally
came time for me to, uh, discard my maidenhood.
Hey, you're not being very crystal, right?
What do you mean discard your maidenhood?
Losers virginity.
Uh, wait, I was trying to come up with Frazier talk for lose my virginity.
Yeah.
Well, whatever.
Okay.
All right.
I was, it was, it was a bit.
The assholes.
So it was with the same thing.
This isn't Donahue.
All right.
Sorry.
Donahue.
Donahue was a show in the, there was a, there was a guy around the time that the Billie
Jean video was playing.
Yeah.
Right after he was our Ricky Lake.
Okay.
There was this girl, Ricky Lake.
Was it the same lady?
You were like dating a lady.
The, uh, who Ricky Lake?
No.
You were dating this 20 year old lady.
Dating.
Yeah.
Hook it up.
And you were how old?
You were younger than her?
16, 16.
How did you meet her?
Online, but it wasn't really, yeah, it wasn't really called online yet.
It was like a modem chat, a chat room.
Yeah.
Was she a babe?
She was, I met a lot of good looking, uh, uh, young ladies, uh, but, but like, like,
yeah, I never, like considering the possibilities, you know, it could have easily, you know,
you're chatting with someone that's saying, I'm, I'm an 18 year old, let's meet up in
real life.
Like considering how the many ways that could have gone, I was very lucky.
So, so she lived in Milwaukee.
You lived in Milwaukee.
Um, yeah.
And so Frito, you would have a friend of yours drive you because you didn't like navigating
the mean streets of Milwaukee.
I just didn't even know how I was just like, I would, and I, and I, and I, and it's barely
different now.
You're navigating the, the highways, Milwaukee, your own manhood, so much going on, right?
Yeah.
So I, when I came to, I made a virginity, this is just to say how cool Frito is.
Frito didn't drive me around while I did it in the backseat.
We drove to under the home bridge in Milwaukee.
It was the dead of winter.
She didn't want to fuck by the baby.
Is that what it was?
Well, her mom had come home.
It's the night that we did it, her mom came home and was angry because she had found out
that the girl had taped back together a check for the new kids on the block fan club that,
that the mother had ripped up because she hadn't done some chore or something.
So the daughter had, the daughter had taped it back together, sent it to the new kids
on the block and they cashed it because they saw the writing on the wall.
What was it?
Do you realize?
What was the amount?
In sync is coming.
What was the amount on that check?
It was like a fucking dollar, I think it was literally a dollar.
What is that dollar by you?
I don't know.
A more printer ink?
I really don't know.
That is, God, the story.
But so they got this big, big drunken fight and the mom like pulled out a steak knife
and was like, and I was like in my acrylic sweater with my rat tail and my, my earring
and my pimples going like, hey, cool down, man.
You guys are mother and daughter.
Is there a baby?
You love each other, man.
And it was so romantic.
The kid is not my son.
And so for it to reward me for my valor, we went under the home bridge and you knew it
was for this.
She was like, listen, you stood up for me against my mom.
I'm going to take your maiden heart, but she faced it.
That was the deal.
Like seriously.
She was like, let's go get this guy.
I think it was where like kind of like, this is you losing your virginity, the story.
Yeah.
So you'd been working out, you'd been making out with her and you guys hadn't had sex yet.
Right.
And then it was like, this is, I mean, I think it was just a culmination of emotional.
Now there was an emotional crisis and yeah, it was like, let's go.
Let's go somewhere.
It's the fucking anger.
I'm a part of the fucking diamond right now, so, so Frito, this is all just the story that
I'm just telling you how cool Frito is who you bet.
So for fucking Frito hung out in the fucking snow and ice in Milwaukee while I, in my fire,
my mom's firebird, you know, I like that the firebird is the most shocking detail.
Everything is, any, any specific detail from now on is going to make it only worse.
I mean, I told this story a lot before because it's, it's, it's the ending is even more amazing
because all I remember is the day, I know, but yeah, yeah, they had sex with their used
to condom because I'm, I'm a classy, responsible gentleman and it finished and I had the condom
and I like, I didn't know what to do with it.
First condom, first used condom, I didn't have a little bag.
You never masturbated into a condom before you, let's get back to that one, Camille.
We're going to table that one until after dance, sir.
That reminded me of that, that, that toys movie with Robin Williams with someone goes
like, it's floating fake poop, you know, for the bathtub and then a guy goes, come on,
we've all done it and everyone looks at them and says, this is a scene, this is, we all
shit in the tub sometimes.
Camille's blushing right now.
So anyways, I took the condom.
Which takes a lot.
I know.
There was a, I believe it was called a moon roof on the car, it was a sunroof that doesn't
really open all the way, it just kind of props open about 20 degrees and, and so I, I very
gracefully like, went, you took the condom and like, I had to chuck it backwards, like
out the, out the opening of the moonroof.
Ditto winter.
So freedom, freedom, freedom, come back in from the snow, fucking friends forever.
Where is it?
Where is he huddled in a ditch?
Like, he was actually like, we, he was with a friend of the girls, like we, we, we, we,
the girl, my girl, got him a girl, like, like her friend from work.
Was he making out with this other girl?
I don't know if they were making out, maybe they're just chatting and smoking.
I don't know if he got anywhere with her or not.
I can't remember.
It's snowing out, right?
Like it's cold.
Yeah.
And so, Fredo, get back in and we take everybody home and thank you very much.
I got school tomorrow.
I, I, I drive the firebird into the garage, I get out, I go, I stay tiptoe inside, I go
to sleep, I get, I get up in the morning, go out to the cold garage, just the sub zero
garage and, and they're frozen to the roof, but also like, like fucking like amazingly
like a, like frozen in a wind sock kind of like, like it wasn't like a crumpled up thing.
It was like, it had, it had somehow like the wind had like stretched it and like, like,
like, like, like a temple tale, you know, it'd been whipping in the wind probably and
then slowly like, yeah, just like this, this, this, this, this, you know, this like green
antenna.
Yeah.
It's a flag memorializing your spent Maiden hood.
And I just looked at the camera and said, it's a living, I risked out so lucky nobody
else saw that first, your mom didn't come down.
Yeah.
Oh man.
But what would she do?
What would she, she wouldn't touch it.
She'd be like, what's this?
And I would go, mom, that's it.
What do you think?
Gun to your head, mom.
That's like when my mom found weed in my clothes pocket, I was home from, I came home
to do my laundry, like a good 20 year old, 20, 20, early 20s guy and my mom was like
going through my laundry, like I found and pulled out this baggie from one of my pockets.
What's this?
And I said, that's what you get for going through laundry.
Now you know, I'll explain the condom thing.
Okay.
I mean, if your whole life, the only way you've come is with feeling your own hand every
now and then you want to feel something else.
So I would sometimes wear a condom because it would, it feels different because it was
lubricated.
Yeah.
Lubricated.
I'm not a monster.
I'm sure, I'm sure I've tried it.
I don't recall, but I guarantee you.
I did a pretty high concept shit in my time.
Wait.
I do think I remember like, I remember putting one on because I was like, holy shit, condom.
I'd never put one on.
It feels great.
I remember putting a condom on and being like, this feels as good as sex feels, I bet.
I was wrong.
There was way more.
He had a really good condom.
Yeah.
It was too tight.
What do you want me to say?
Let's bring out condom expert Spencer Crittenden.
Hey guys, what's up?
Hey Spencer.
That's a snazzy podium.
Man.
It's a Dharma.
It's a lost podium.
I'm into it.
It's from Dharma.
It's, there's a bunch of props from the Lost TV show at Meltdown.
And this is obviously one of them from the Lost TV show.
Yeah.
The, the desk in there, if that's the same one is a from the set and it has Dharma logo
all over it.
Oh, and this is also a Dharma thing.
This is also like a Dharma logo has a guy in the center of it has Mickey Mouse ears
on.
Yeah.
It's surrounded by like the E Ching shit.
Hmm.
Do you, you don't know lost, I guess.
I know.
I know what you're talking about with Dharma, but those, the symbol with those sticks being
radiated like in an eight, like an octagram that's a, that's like also an E Ching sort
of thing.
Hmm.
The book of changes.
Book of changes.
No, no big deal.
It's like a vocal tumor.
So you know, you guys, this is my hundredth episode on this podcast.
Oh, syndication, baby.
I don't want to be shitty, but it's not really the hundredth episode because you have missed
some of the middle.
Uh, yeah.
So, you know, my hundredth episode being on the podcast, I think very intense days.
You were on the fifth one.
Huh?
Yeah.
The podcast.
How many episodes did we do before we started our recording?
Is there any idea?
No, not me.
Well, there's actually, we're, we're finding that out right now, digging through the old
we, we recorded them, but never intended to podcast them for a couple of episodes that
we're digging up now and we're editing them to a little bit for, um, for a kind of box
set that we're going to offer people.
Yeah.
I can't do your throat thing one more time.
Wait.
It sounds, it sounds like your stomach is growling out of your throat.
Are you concerned about this, Dan?
Is this a cause for alarm?
Well, he went to the doctor.
Yeah.
Was the doctor concerned?
Well, doctors are not concerned about people.
They've seen the most horrible shit that day.
They've seen someone with a cancer that's going to kill them that day.
I actually had an appointment, I, I, I'm 40 now.
I had an appointment to go to a doctor and get my actual 40 physical and maybe get the
old, uh, uh, up the, uh, like, like, you know, up the hee-haw.
Yeah.
Up the hee-haw.
Uh, but then I had, I then I had to go out of town so I missed it, but have you done
that?
Wait, what is that?
Yeah, when they, when they put the finger up for the prostate cancer.
Oh yeah.
Well, a guy did that.
You know what you should do?
When he puts the finger up and gets to the prostate, look at him like guys and go, game
recognize game.
I want to say I can stand it if you can.
Crystal.
Hey, hey.
Can you feel my finger up your ass?
Crystal.
I went, I went to a guy.
Yeah.
For my heartburn that my doctor sent me, gave me a referral to a specialist for heartburn.
I went in, the guy told me to take off my pants and, and lay down sideways on the table
and he put on a glove and he said, he said some blue comment like, uh, like, this is
going to, uh, uh, uh, this is going to fuck a little bit like, like, like, like I, like
I tell, he had some line he had written like, like I tell everyone, uh, just relax, although
I'd be surprised if you could, uh, something like that.
And I'm like, I get, so this, and he put his finger up my ass and he's feeling around
and he goes like, well, no, no internal hemorrhoids.
Uh, everything's fine.
Everything's great in here.
And I'm thinking, first of all, wrong, uh, you, you don't even know everything about
my ass.
I have, I have a fucking hemorrhoids.
I like to beat the band.
Um, second of all, what part of heartburn don't you understand?
What's going on?
Why is there a finger in my ass?
My chest hurts.
The way to a man's heart.
God, I fucking can't lose tonight.
This is really my night.
And then he gave me a prescription of something that I never actually went and got.
I hear, no, he gave me, he gave me another referral to a different guy.
I was like, I'm not doing this anymore.
It's like fire in the sky.
I want you to go see my friend Tony.
He lives in West Hall.
Give him this note.
Don't open it.
Yeah.
I go to Tony and Tony's like reading it.
Come downstairs.
Yeah.
Lay down sideways.
It's a side.
He's called me doctor.
Wow.
What could possibly, what could you possibly find a value in there about my heartburn?
It's all part of the same gastrointestinal.
It's all, we're all the same thing.
Your mouth is a direct line to your butt.
Yeah.
I know that.
But, but it's, my mouth's closer to where it hurts.
Like, and the butt is where the poop comes out.
Yeah.
But maybe something's getting happening in there and it's like moving shit back up.
Like I put up, like I put bad food up my butt.
Like, no, like bad food got maybe stuck close to your butt.
And we'll be right back.
The beginnings.
This is the beginnings of medicine, by the way.
Like maybe some bad food got stuck up your butt, on the way out your butt.
And it's causing, it's sending a signal to you or where your heartburn is happening.
We gotta, we gotta have Schrab here.
Sorry.
Another hand comes up and I'm very fascinated about this.
This is probably called, called loss of opportunity.
Loss of opportunity?
Yeah.
It's something legal.
You know, if you've got prostate cancer and the guy doesn't examine a year or two from now,
he's hooked up.
Oh, so you were saying that maybe heartburn and one of the symptoms of prostate cancer
is heartburn, so he had to.
No.
That's not what you're saying.
Come up here and get a mic if you're going to talk for a bit.
I'm curious about this.
You're saying it's a legal thing.
Like, oh, I went to a guy for heartburn two years ago and now I got prostate cancer
and he should have put a finger at my butt.
Yeah.
There's a microphone.
You see.
Yeah.
Total pro, great move.
All right.
Now wisdom.
Okay, so if you get prostate cancer and two years from now, you're really fucked up.
And no doctor has seen it and they check your records and they see that you went to a doctor
two years ago and that he could have examined you and he didn't.
Is this specifically about prostate cancer or like any sort of?
Or is this like a prostate cancer plot?
If you go into a doctor, you have a chip tooth or a sore throat and they don't put a finger
at your butt.
They could be sued for malpractice or malfeasance or something.
Yeah, just kind of fucked up because, you know, American medicine and stuff like that.
I have two questions.
What's your name, sir?
Helder.
What do you do?
I study medicine.
You study medicine?
Yeah.
Oh, good.
So you're going to be a doctor?
So, yeah.
Oh, all right.
So, and it all started with you being fascinated by like dead animals and stuff, right?
And your dad was like, don't be a serial killer.
Go to medical school.
No, no.
I'm not from here, you know, I'm from Brazil and there, you know, oh, starting.
All doctors are assholes, major assholes.
So, let me get this out of the way.
What sort of medicine do you want to practice?
I really don't know.
Maybe radiology.
But radiology is the cushy one.
That's why there's no emergencies.
My cousin radiologist, you make a lot of money.
There's no emergencies.
The hours are easy.
You just sort of look in at x-rays and like text, like lab stuff.
Yeah, kind of.
And you're constantly exposed to radiation.
Listen.
Which can't hurt.
I mean, as the old saying goes, radiation can't hurt.
So, are you saying, Helder, just to be clear, this loss of opportunity concept, it's not
even like Jeff said, if I went in with a broken pinky, is that so?
Or is it because it had to do with my internal medicine?
It didn't have to do with your heartburn, you know.
So, I just got a spine check.
Well, I've been to a doctor and that hasn't happened.
So, why doesn't that happen every time you go to a doctor?
You're saying doctors live in fear of not diagnosing prostate cancer.
Yeah, it's kind of weird, you know.
But I really don't know exactly why.
That's one thing that could happen.
I guess you're just playing the odds.
By the way, you already sound like a doctor.
I don't know exactly.
I mean, that could happen.
Just give me a number, doc.
Tell me how long have I got.
That's why I didn't say anything when you were complaining about your...
What do you think it is?
I have no fucking idea.
How long have you studied medicine, Helder?
Six years.
Six years? What school did you go to?
Or did you go to?
In Brazil, I studied at a federal university.
Do you live in L.A. now, or are you just visiting?
No, no, just visiting.
Really? You left Brazil during the World Cup?
Yeah.
It's probably a good time to go, right?
Sure. Yeah.
You're just visiting Los Angeles.
Is that what you said?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So you thought it's a good time to get out of here with all the tourists are here and stuff?
Yeah.
What town are you from?
Rio.
Yeah, so that's probably a good time to be not at home right now.
Yeah, Rio is complete chaos.
How do you feel about it?
Because all the civil unrest and stuff like that,
because there was riots leading up to the World Cup.
Oh, he's pro.
I think like historically, lots of cities,
like the local population loses a lot.
Like the working class loses a lot.
It's a bunch of graphs from the top and corporations and contractors get bids and stuff like that.
Does the average person in Rio hate the World Cup?
Are they happy that it's there?
Yeah.
Well, now that it is happening, people are kind of okay with it because Brazil's playing and crazy.
I have a World Cup question.
I also have one.
Are you a fan of football?
No.
Okay.
He's here.
Why is the logo two hands?
Hands are like the worst thing in soccer.
Yeah.
Soccer.
They hate hands.
That would be like if the hockey logo was like roller skates.
The story of it.
Or if a football logo was a chess board.
Well, that trophy now, there's a good documentary about it.
The trophy now is the world, which is the soccer ball, which is the hands-all holding onto it.
That's not the original one.
The original one was like stolen and Hitler wanted it and Mussolini stole it for a while.
There was an amazing story about the original trophy, which is this beautiful piece of like art deco,
art gold, and it was really wonderful.
And it was probably the most coveted trophy that will ever be because it was first of all beautiful.
And second of all, it's the World Cup, which is the most important thing for most athletes.
And we don't know where it is, but for a while Mussolini had it,
and Hitler tried to steal it and shit like that.
It's really good.
Hitler loved art.
I saw that movie.
He was going to build a big Hitler museum with all the art and all the world in it.
Is this the John Cusack one?
Monuments, man.
Is John Cusack in that?
I can't even remember.
Everyone was in it.
No, George Clooney.
What's the one with young Hitler?
Oh, that's called Max.
Wait, what is it called?
Max?
Yeah.
I told you this podcast.
I recommend viewing that because it's like very dramatic.
I don't know.
I don't think it's trying to...
I don't think you can make a movie about Hitler and not have a big dramatic.
But it's like, I mean, if you want to see John Cusack pointing at a guy poking him in the chest
and saying, from your heart, Hitler!
I want to see it on the canvas, Hitler!
It's just funny.
It's like, the world will be my canvas.
I have a football question.
What?
Do you guys not know what he did?
Too soon, man.
The story ends badly.
The other question, Spencer and I were talking about this on Twitter.
Okay, the hardest thing about watching football is soccer.
You don't know how...
At 90 minutes, the game is not over.
At 90 minutes, they're like, now we're going to play for a random amount of time.
As long as I feel.
Why do you even have a clock?
It's not random.
I know it's injury time.
It's kind of random.
I know it's not.
Why don't they just pause the clock so that it's always 90?
That's what all the other sports are doing.
Why is the time going when they're fucking around?
When they're pretending to be hit.
They don't want to stop the clock because they don't want to...
If you stop the clock like today, they stop you.
You've got to use your hands.
No!
That's what I'm saying.
That's why they can't stop the clock.
Oh, oh, oh.
They hate hands.
Each time there's an injury, there's a guy trying to kick a clock.
And it won't work.
You've got to make a foot clock.
The hardest to work a stopwatch with your feet.
Yeah.
That's the best explanation I've heard.
But why don't they just pause the fucking clock?
Today, during Mexico Netherlands, they stopped the clock for a water break because it was
like 97 degrees or whatever and they stopped it for the second time.
But they can't do it.
They know how to.
The second time in World Cup history, they stopped it for a water break, for a refreshment
break and they went to commercial and it was really a bummer.
The one thing that you can dig about soccer or international football is that you don't
see a bunch of fucking commercials.
They had a water break and they went to commercial and it was a big drag.
Why don't they just hit pause?
It's not wide so then we know when the game's over.
The players are playing like, we have a random amount of time left to score.
Wouldn't it be better if they knew exactly how much time they had left?
Why?
Why would it be worse if they knew exactly how much time they had left?
There's a lot of corruption in soccer.
There's a lot of corruption in soccer is how the explanation is starting.
FIFA's like Chicago politics from the 1800s.
We don't have to go so far back.
One is to see how bad of a person you are, how bad of a team you are.
It seems like Italy they just flop around.
This has nothing to do with the question.
No, it does with the clock.
Yeah, they like hammer it up.
They waste time.
If you know it's 90 minutes, we're ahead by two goals.
We're just going to eat up the clock and lay on the ground or do a bunch of shit.
Now the referee says no.
You want to lay on the ground.
You lay on the ground then we can...
I don't know.
For me, it is a weird thing.
There's no other sport that's like, the game will end.
Oh, it ends.
Who the fuck knows?
I think there's about five minutes left.
There was a piece, I think it was New York Times, something like that I saw,
that ranked the countries by how much time they spent on the ground,
writhing in fake agony.
And it's so interesting.
But the team that won today, the beat Mexico, the Netherlands,
they weren't even in the top 20, I don't think.
They just do not flop and don't spend time writhing around on the ground.
Brazil, number one.
Because South American teams, Central American teams,
and also parts of like the Spanish leagues, Italian leagues,
there's a big culture of just fucking like...
There's a great thing on YouTube where there's people doing flops
and they have like a crosshairs, like a sniper.
Oh, yeah.
I saw that.
There's people going, oh, falling down.
There's a crosshairs and a bullet, the sound goes off.
There's no one anywhere near them, it's really good.
Okay, so because they flop...
That's just another aspect of the game, right, is what you're saying?
It's like its own kind of...
No, but I don't get how that has to do with the clock.
Well, I mean, you have actual injuries that happen in soccer,
so that's why you have to extra time.
That's why it's added on when...
But why don't they just pause when the injuries happen?
Because then I think people would use...
The ball's really never dead, like there's not like a lot of dead ball situations,
like in basketball where the whistle blows and there's lots of breaks
and everyone has a drink of water.
In soccer, you just play, you keep going.
It's fucking amazing.
If you watch NBA or college, in the last few minutes,
it's nothing but commercials.
No, it's great, but why don't they just pause the clock?
They don't have to...
They have commercials.
That's such a...
That's a false dichotomy.
You don't...
The alternative isn't, I guess we're going to have to buy a lot of commercials
and shove them into these breaks.
Yeah.
I'm not even saying breaks where someone falls down.
You play for 45 minutes and if there's been an injury
or if there's been lots of substitutions, they add 30 seconds for this,
a minute for that and they add it up and...
And nobody knows what that number is.
The officials do.
There's one guy.
The fourth official saying that we're going to give you 30 seconds
for the substitution, 30 seconds for this penalty kick,
a minute for that injury.
The officials know, but game not recognized clock.
Wow.
World's best callback.
That was sitting on that egg for 10 minutes.
That was a world cup of callbacks.
So, Dr. Tumer is raising his hand.
The real answer is like FIFA has never been known for embracing change.
FIFA doesn't embrace change.
It took a point of while to embrace goal line technology.
Goal line technology?
Why are you guys talking about this?
You just walked in, sir.
I saw you walk in.
We're at a show.
I had to get a drink.
Okay.
So, you had to get up and get a drink,
but now we're doing the show wrong because you came back in
and we're talking about soccer, not to your liking.
But you're talking about it wrong.
Oh.
Who's this fancy gentleman?
It's like I had a linen suit.
I know.
I know he likes to drink.
Yes, in the front row?
You're right.
You're more virginity losing story.
Well, there can be only one.
No, I've got screen.
That was my only condom virginity.
My couch virginity.
Which is just me fucking couching.
We were watching...
What was your cantaloupe virginity?
How old were you during the first cantaloupe you fucked?
Are we talking honeydew, watermelon?
Cantaloupe.
Because I was a hell of a honeydew.
Oh, dear God.
We were watching a documentary about this church quiz
that these kids do.
There's all these Christian teens are talking about.
One of them was saying,
I haven't kissed a boy yet,
but I lost my hand genity two years ago.
And Aaron and I thought,
we're like, Aaron was so...
She's like, he won't let you kiss him,
but he made you jerk him off in a car?
Like, what kind of fucked up shit?
And it was like, it was ten minutes later
that we figured out that she meant...
The masturbation?
No, that she held...
Holding hands with a boy.
What?
That's fucking disturbing.
Oh, wow.
We immediately thought she meant hand job.
Yeah, that she fucking...
I thought masturbation.
Anyway, so speaking of Aaron,
she's not here tonight.
Helder, would you be willing to play?
Do you ever listen to the podcast?
If you listen to us play Dungeons & Dragons?
No, but have you heard us play it?
Like, you can...
Okay.
You're a doctor, you figure it out.
Aaron's at a party celebrating the...
I think the new season of Drunk History,
which she's a part of,
her episode has got
John Lithgow and Chris Parnell and Winona Ryder.
What a name, wow.
I haven't seen it, but I'm really looking forward to it.
Wow.
It's a Benedict Arnold...
She tells a story about Benedict Arnold.
And I heard that which...
I think she was telling me,
Weird Elle Yankovic plays Hitler this season.
That's great.
Yeah, somebody tells a story about
Hitler and Weird Elle Yankovic.
Does he cut his hair off?
That's what I asked, and then Aaron mocked me
and said, you know, they have these things
called wigs, and I was like,
you can't make long hair into short hair
with a wig, and she said, yes you can.
He's got too much hair to put a fucking
like a Hitler hair on.
Maybe he cut it.
Maybe that'll be Weird Elle's new look,
because he kind of never went back
from his Qui-John hair.
He kind of did that, and then he was like...
Qui-John?
Was it like Qui-Gon?
Qui-Gon Gin?
Oh, okay.
I don't know.
Anyways, whatever.
She's not here.
We're replacing her with a...
Spencer, will you hand this out to Dan?
You want to pass down the character sheets?
Yeah.
I am kind of interested in finding out
why that guy was saying we were talking about it wrong.
He didn't like to hear about sports.
He was trying to...
He seems like bad news to me.
Maybe we were using our hands too much.
But I will say, I did also wonder
why we were talking about soccer for like 30 minutes.
I fucking like soccer.
Also, I bet some...
Someone's got to...
I bet a guy a hundred dollars,
because he's being an asshole.
I bet a guy a hundred bucks on the
Mexico Netherlands game.
I never bet on sports.
I'll never do it again, because it was stupid.
I'm not rooting against Mexico.
But this guy was just being an asshole,
so I bet him I didn't get his name
and I'll never see him again.
I have no idea who it was.
And I guarantee...
Did you meet him at an airport?
If you were at an airport,
you would have gotten this phone number.
You've never just...
You've never met people at a bar?
You've never just struck up conversation with people?
I've never just talked to random...
If people start talking to me,
I'm like, what the fuck do you want?
I don't have it.
I'm going, people ask me anything.
You meet interesting people at bars,
especially at airport bars,
because people are coming and going,
and it's very fascinating to me.
I agree.
If somebody starts chatting me up,
I won't hold the shoulder in public,
but yeah, I don't...
Emily will do this on an airplane.
She has this rule,
so it was me, it was me in the aisle,
her in the middle,
and the person at this old lady at the window.
And we sat down and she's like,
you have to right away establish
what the tone is going to be.
So this lady looked at Emily and was like,
where are you going?
And Emily just sat there stone-faced,
and the old lady asked her three times,
and Emily just fucking bitter-lip
and was like, I'm going to power through this,
said nothing, and it was a great flight.
Not for the old lady.
Not for that lady.
Who gives a fuck what the old lady wants?
I do.
Okay, well take the middle seat from Emily
and get her phone number.
Can Emily's phone number?
Have you?
Yeah, I'll give you Emily.
You guys are striking up conversations.
You're the problem, you're that guy.
No, no, no.
On a flight, on a flight,
I don't want jibber jabber.
I don't want to be like, hey, it's cool.
What are you doing?
On the plane,
I want absolute fucking graveyard silence on a flight.
Right, okay, good.
But you're at the fucking airport bar,
you're just going, so where are you going?
You don't do that.
But sometimes conversation comes up,
and you find out that people are just having a good old time.
Yeah.
Yeah, see?
Some people are curious about the people sitting next to them.
And also, I could not care less.
But you're a comedian.
Wouldn't you benefit from mining,
like human experiences?
Yeah, no, I talked to a guy once,
and I got three hours of material out of it.
You're a fucking sociopath.
I'm not saying you go up there and you grab everybody's ass,
it's not seeing you fucking harangue.
Sometimes conversation starts.
I actively block them.
I swat away attempts at conversation.
A hundred percent.
That doesn't seem like you.
You're a very garrulous, like chatty guy.
Yeah, but not with fucking people I don't know.
Like, Helder, you're a great guy.
If you sat up next to me and were like, what's up?
I would like just fucking stare straight in front of me
until you left.
What's up?
He wouldn't say it, see?
Great.
I don't get it.
I mean, look, my girlfriend's Scottish,
we went to Scotland, she kept it cute.
She was like, Jeff, when you go to Scotland,
you can't just go out there and meet Jeff Davis and say,
hello, how do you do to every fucking person?
Like, they'll fucking hate you.
I'm like, they're gonna love me.
And then I was walking down the fucking street,
Christmas day, or Christmas Eve day,
I'm walking down the road and I see her father outside.
And I see him, I'm leaving him.
I want to go get Kate a little gift and have breakfast on my own.
And I come back and I see him talking to a dude.
And he's talking to a buddy of his, a small town
outside of Edinburgh.
And they're talking.
So I see him and he goes, hey, Jeff, what are you up to?
And I'm like, oh, I did this, I did that.
And there's a guy standing, like, right the foot away from me.
And he and Andy, her dad and I are talking for a while.
And he's like, so later on we'll do this, we'll do that.
And I say, oh, we're just chatting.
And I turn to the guy next to me because it's weird
that I haven't been introduced.
But they clearly know each other.
I go, hi, I'm Jeff. He goes, oh, I'm Craig.
Hey, Craig, whatever his name was. And we shake hands.
I get back in the house and Kate's father's like,
there's Jeff walking down the road.
Just saying, how do you do?
Oh, good morning.
I was like, you fucking, there's a guy standing there.
Like, like, introduce him.
And he goes, Jeff, we just don't do that.
And I go, it's called having a personality, Andy.
Well, you ruined Craig's day.
Craig liked it.
Craig's still talking about it.
Also, people he fucking knows.
He found out.
So then we go, we go to Kate's families.
They meet at the borders because some of her families
in England and some of her families in Scotland.
So they meet at the Scottish English borders.
And we, Dan, and Aaron and I, and Kate,
we all go to the, to Hadrian's wall.
You know, some famous old Roman wall, you know,
and shit. So we're looking at some history,
but it was all closed because it was Boxing Day.
It's all the tourist centers are closed.
So we go back to the house. It's everybody there.
It's a family. There's a few Americans there, us,
and everyone else is Kate's family.
We meet everybody because we've been there for two days.
There's a guy that comes in who works with her mother.
I don't know this guy. We're standing in the foyer
and he's shaking off his umbrella.
And I go, hi, I'm Jeff. He goes, hi, my name is Craig,
because they're all Craig for some fucking reason.
Everyone's named Craig.
And we meet and he goes, he's asking me questions.
He's like, what have you been doing since you've been here?
I said, well, we went to Hadrian's.
I said, oh, what part did you go to?
I said, it was this part, but it was closed.
And he's telling me all about Hadrian's wall.
And he was going in this big, expansive monologue
about why this happened.
And I asked him questions and he's following up.
And then fucking Kate's dad comes in.
Oh, there's Jeff again.
Fucking how do you do?
I'm like, fuck you.
It'd be so funny if it was like sixth sense
where we actually see what's happening
and it's just you talking to this guy.
And he's all fucked up.
Yeah, and the other guy's just trying to get away.
Kate wanted me to say,
if you fucking talk to Granny, Granny will fucking murder you.
She fucking, like Granny hates everybody.
I'm like, Granny's love me.
I'm fucking great with a grandparent.
She's like, Granny hates everyone.
Like fucking Jenny with Granny.
And fucking that Granny, guess what?
Best fucking friends. She fucking love me.
That's what she thinks.
She did.
Actually, Kate, later on, she's like, Granny loves you.
She's like, she hates everybody else, but she loves you.
I was like, yeah, because she hasn't been spoken to.
Because you guys are a bunch of terse weirdos.
Fucking make an effort, cock-suckers.
All right, speaking of making an effort,
let's make an effort to play some D&D, shall we?
Woo!
When we last met,
our heroes had yet again escaped
Admiral Darkstar's clutches.
Thanks to Mulraine and her rope,
our heroes were saved, escaping certain death.
Back to Bill Martinians,
the city that's everywhere.
After returning to the ruined Seekers hideout,
the party grew bored and
discussed Chris de Burgh's genital reattachment,
but ultimately found themselves
in a gnomish bar known as the Rusty Buckle.
After much journeying,
our heroes were weary and
sought the comfort of the pub,
but inside, upon seeing a wondrous
gnome golem decided to steal it,
and after a tense robbery,
the party got cold feet
and returned the stolen golem.
But they were still interrupted
by a specter from Quark's sordid past.
The Cactus Bunch
had resurfaced.
The gnomish gangsters attacked our party,
but together our heroes slaughtered them all,
and after a brilliant speech by Sharpie,
they robbed the remaining gnomes
and set fire to the pub,
walking off into the foreground
like badasses.
But would they really just escape,
scot-free? Is an arson a crime?
And what if the Cactus Bunch
or the Robot Baby
find out in an all-new exciting episode
of Harmontown?
Me.
So, I wasn't here last week. I was disappointed.
It sounded like we didn't steal the Robot Baby,
but what he actually did was, we killed everyone
and took all the Robot Baby.
Yeah, yeah.
You and Aaron went nuts
the first time, and then the
following week, I was...
Harming a Robot Baby is not nuts.
But stealing it from people
is crazy.
You went on a speech that now we're going to be bad guys
and steal everything from everybody.
Well, I have to justify this narrative somehow.
Okay, fine.
We're chaotic evil now.
We're bad people now.
I think we're chaotic neutral.
I'd say that's right, yeah.
We've been bad for a long time.
Thanks, Spencer. You're chaotic something.
All right, so do we have this Robot Golem, baby?
Yes. What's the name of it?
Well, I don't know.
What's the name of it?
Heldor.
Can we name it Heldor?
H-E-L-D-E-R?
All right, you have to think about it.
What are you lying to us about?
It's all different in Portuguese.
Do you think when Heldor grows up,
he'll just be a giant
simpleton that only says Heldor?
Heldor.
Remember when Heldor...
It's my least favorite part of Game of Thrones.
It's a whole storyline
with the fucking kids and the magic trees.
It's like...
But I remember when Heldor looked down a well
and was like,
Heldor!
It's so hard to not...
It's just Timmy from South Park.
That's all it is.
What a great gig as an actor, though.
What are my lines?
Also, unlike Timmy from South Park,
it's revealed at some point that someone says,
it's not his name, you know.
It's just the sound he makes.
It's not his name. His name's like Frank or something.
That's like Anyang from
the rest of development kind of stuff.
Do you know that guy?
By the way, every actor
on Game of Thrones is also a house DJ.
Heldor is a DJ.
Grey Worm is a DJ.
Dinklage is a DJ?
Is he?
No.
Well, he's American, but all...
90% of the cast has like...
That's not true.
Look it up.
He's got star tattoos.
Sweet.
I would definitely, if I had to choose between two raves
and one was being spun by Heldor
and the other had like foam coming down
from the ceiling, I'd be like...
It'd be so funny if it's just popular songs
but the words are all replaced with Heldor.
Heldor.
I don't know why you'd sing it like...
It sounded like Johnny Cash or something.
Heldor.
Yeah.
I got a mean bad Heldor going down
a 57 Chevy.
I got a mean bad Heldor.
It's going down the Chevy?
Yep.
The Chevy's so big
it's got an elevator in it.
Heldor.
I examine our surroundings, Spencer.
So behind you is a flaming
domicile. It's the pub.
It's on fire.
Around you are other stores
but they do look close enough
that they might also catch on fire.
Oh boy.
But they're not yet.
None of these stores are marked.
It's kind of not the best part of town, you could tell.
There's broken windows and stuff.
And one of them is on fire.
And one of the building is on fire, yeah.
Clear sign of poverty.
Do we have any
do we have any aim right now?
We just kind of finished
a little bit of a mission, right?
We got this golem baby.
It's one of those rare delightful
parts of a D&D campaign where you can kind of
you get to really
we get to do whatever we want.
If we wait too long
he's going to have a pterodactyl guy
come out and go, pterodactylons
need your help.
But if we're smart about this
we can fucking...
I go to the building most
adjacent to the fire and since this building
is probably going to burn down I just go examine it
and see what's in there.
I'm trying to make looting sound gentlemanly.
Since this building is about to catch fire
I believe I'll peruse its wares.
It's an active opportunity.
What did you say about the opportunity?
I put my finger in his butt just in case
we don't get sued later on.
So yeah, you go over to the building
and you smell an overwhelming stench of fish.
You enter the door
and you can tell no one's been here
in quite a while. The air just seems still
with the coating of dust all over everything
and the smell is just way worse
in here. You can see there's piles
of... they look just kind of like brown
putrid stuff. They're gathered with flies
and maggots.
Oh, it's probably robot baby food. We should feed this.
I was going to say
let's send the robot baby into Scout the...
Yeah.
Hell or...
Robot baby isn't activated yet.
We have to find a little discipline.
It's not activated.
It's like a baby we're walking around with.
All right.
I get out of the dead fish store.
How do we activate the baby? I'm sorry.
There's a disc-shaped hole in its chest
that we have to find some sort of thing
that probably plugs into that.
Like a CD kind of thing?
Yeah, kind of like a little saucer-shaped thing
like a CD.
I poke my head into the deserted fish store
and say, hold on.
That happens.
And then I say,
there's some DJing.
I go to the building...
Slayers haven't been invented yet, so...
I go to the building next to the dead fish store.
All right. This one, it looks like
some sort of barbershop.
There's an old gnome.
He's got orange hair that's styled pretty nicely.
And he's got
small little glasses on his face
and he's just sweeping up.
I say,
sir, there's a fire.
A couple doors down. You might want to get out of here.
Oh yeah, of course.
You would go talk to the random people.
Oh, sir.
Where are you going today?
Look, I'm a gnome,
and we're chatty.
We like talking to people.
Cigarettes and riddles, baby.
So,
you say that to the gnome
and he's like,
whoa, thanks.
You seem awful casual about this.
I'm trying to warn you. There's a fire.
Yeah, no, I appreciate that.
It just seemed your tone was like,
hey, man, it's sunny outside,
but this is a fire you're talking about.
I'm not so worried right now.
It's how casual you are.
You're the one being casual. I said fire,
and you're being all prosaic and shit.
I'm just vibing off of your energies.
I'll fucking
make you leak, motherfucker.
I'm just trying to
chat.
I'll slash you wide open.
You want to die in a fire? I'm trying to help you out.
I'm appreciating that, man.
You have a very weird way of saying you're appreciating it.
I just thought it was a weird way you brought it up.
You're being weird.
See, that's just what happens
when you talk to strangers.
Can I get your phone number?
You see?
No, but
he's just like, thanks.
I guess, thanks.
Okay, fuck it. I'm sorry I came in.
Enjoy your barbershop. You're going to fucking die here.
If I saw a fire,
I would have been all like,
there's a fire! You got to get out of here!
Well, the fire's been there a long time.
You sweeping ass motherfucker.
We've adjusted to it.
We did that.
We went, fire, fire!
I was talking to him.
I was operating under the assumption.
Look, first of all, you have a barbershop next to a dead fish place.
Which is fucking...
You stopped carrying a long time ago.
Sidebar?
Campaners?
Yeah.
Why are we hanging out in the town that we
murdered and
set fire to?
Let's go to another town.
This is all shitty fish stores.
Can we go through that toilet bucket
thing that gets us to the portal thing?
Doesn't that take us to the place where
Admiral Dirk Stark at Sinking Island
is? I don't know.
It was paradise.
We destroyed that like everything we touch.
That is now gone.
We put up a parking lot.
Put up a parking lot.
I say this sooner we get out of this weird ass town.
We have to find a new place that we haven't yet ruined.
Okay.
Let's go ruin a new place.
Is there
the equivalent of a Palm Springs
depot or a bus station
so we can embark on a new thing?
How do people travel out of here quickly?
Orange hair.
You don't see anything like that.
You haven't seen anything like that since you arrived here.
I'm asking Orange hair.
Orange hair.
Oh, he's gone. He left.
We're still in this store?
Yeah, well there's a fire.
Everyone's super casual
about it.
I turn to the rest of the group.
I go, look,
that's a complicated dude.
If I ever see him, I'm probably going to kill him.
I loot his store.
I look around and try to loot his store.
You find three scissors and six combs.
I fucking take all of that shit.
I put one in my hair like an afro pick
and fucking walk out
like a blackploitation style.
Shit.
Yeah, it looks like that.
I wrap wax paper around one of the combs
and I make a homemade kazoo.
It's both fun
and family friendly.
I whip out my non-dick
and piss on the floor.
It just drips down your leg.
Hey, this is how it is now.
Let's get to the center of town, you guys
take a second way out of here.
Is there a downtown?
Center of town, why not get out of town?
Can I ask a weird question?
Does a robot baby have a robot dick?
No.
You can't have the baby's dick.
We're not potato people.
You can't just switch parts.
I just wanted to see if it was...
Anyway, let's go to the town center.
Why are we going to the center of the town
that we want to get out of?
Maybe there's a fucking airport or some shit.
We have to leave.
What do you propose? Where should we go?
The opposite direction of the havoc we've caused.
Let's go.
Let's get the fuck out of Bill Martigan's right now.
Yeah, you lead the way.
Charge! We go north.
You go north as you get through
as you work your way through Bill Martigan's
the buildings get closer and closer together
you find it there's less and less roads
it's harder and harder to get out of this place
and you manage to squeeze yourself
past several skinny alleys
and you come to
what looks like a large, large wall
that stretches up as high as the eye can see.
It's like a video game.
We got a fight.
How the hell do we go back to the entrance?
Do we still have that staff of that
that grows?
I don't think so.
Unless there's a different one.
The first one you had definitely melted.
Maybe I can teleport to the top of the wall
and throw rope down.
Does my teleport keep still out of charge?
Yeah, you'd have to sleep.
Where's the entrance to the town?
We got in here somehow.
You came in here through
there's a kind of like an entrance checkpointy place.
Alright, to the checkpoint place.
You head back through all those squishy buildings too.
The checkpointy place
and you find
there's a different bucket
than the one you saw when you first came here
and there's no gnome on it.
But it's just like a small clearing
it's fenced off
but behind the fence is the same wall
and notice it looks like it's woven together
like thatched
or something like that.
This wall, that's tall.
But does it have a little portal bucket?
There's a bucket.
I stick my head in the bucket.
It's just a bucket.
There's nobody in there
for you to start conversations with.
Look
live your life however you want to do it.
So when we
a fucking weird closeted
antisocial life.
I mean
all this stranger talking has certainly made
you very friendly.
I'm being persecuted for
being interested in the other.
I mean
possibly that you can learn something
by meeting other people.
If it makes you happy
then be happy.
I'm not doing anything.
You are, you're being fucking weird.
I didn't say
I mean
I have observations about the way Jeff
manages his
social life.
Give him experience points.
How did we
we got into this town?
You climbed in through a bag.
I don't even remember that shit.
Do we still have that bag?
No, I think it was left on the ground.
Oh shit.
Back by the fire? Back in the entrance.
Where you guys now are.
Is there a bag? You don't see it.
There's a bucket. It's just a fucking regular old bucket.
Yep.
I say hodor into the bucket.
That happens.
All right.
This woven, thatchy wall
is blocking our way out.
Well let's do what we do.
Let's set it on fire.
That's our stick now, right?
What in doubt?
Flaming fire sordid or
I go up and I
try to attack the wall
and make a hole in it.
I bet it's not going to work.
But let's go for it.
Fucking negative Nelly.
Wait, I'm the one proposing that we
not set something on fire.
I'm just trying to chop it.
All right, you miss.
You missed a wall?
How did you miss a wall?
Because I was being heckled by my friends.
Yeah, he did as you were swinging.
It's not going to help.
It's like playing darts with them.
Try it again.
You fucking do something.
I don't have swords. I'm a man of...
magic.
All right, I cast
Mordenkainen's Thatched Wall
Destruction.
You don't know that spell.
All right,
let's try this.
A very controlled fireball.
You're going to light
something on fire again, huh?
How close are you guys
to this wall?
I'm not going to shoot it
if my friends are standing there.
Everybody back up.
We're going to do try something.
We instinctively move away from this fireball.
All right.
You launch a fireball.
It's very hard.
It does hit.
Nobody was wringing it.
It hits.
It immediately starts catching
fire from the fireball
and it spreads in all directions.
You're welcome.
We do what we do.
We're really going to get out of here
or I'll go to jail.
The wall continues to burn, spreading out
and you see it starts to catch on fire
some of the buildings nearby
where you guys are
that are touching the wall.
I'm like, hey, who set the wall on fire?
I think we're good.
Behind this wall, you see another wall.
It's very similar,
I'd call it like a maroon color.
But it's also
the same fibrous material.
But it's not on fire from this fire?
No, it's kind of like
as this wall is burning away, it's revealing
this kind of different wall, if that makes sense.
I think we all know what to do, guys.
Satay on fire.
Lightning bolt.
All right.
You blast it with the lightning bolt
which scorches a small pinpoint
but it doesn't continue on fire.
Can I go look in the hole
to see what's on the other side?
Yeah, you look in
your eye is instantly bitten
not by bites, but by cold.
Frost taints your eye
with its coldy grip
as you look and see nothing but white
white light all around you
and then you get hit in the eye by something.
It's snow.
It's a piece of snow hits you in the eye.
Shit.
Piece of snow?
I think they call it a flake.
Right?
Yeah.
Snowflake.
It hits you in the eye.
How much damage does it take?
You notice it, tangibly.
It's just a snowflake.
It's not painful.
All right, so we got one wall,
system is a statue when it's on fire
and then there's the maroon wall
that is impervious to lightning strike.
Well, but we could
also try and set it on fire.
Well, it wasn't impervious.
It didn't do much damage to it
and then beyond that it's just snow, snowtown, USA.
I don't like it.
If we're in a tundra, we can't just walk away.
The fire on the other parts
of the wall continue burning
and spreading on fire more.
I don't think we can hang out here.
And we're not going to get a lot of help
from the locals.
I mean, they really should not help.
I look around for that bag
that we came in through.
You still don't see it.
Smoke clouds your vision.
We should have done that before.
We set the wall on fire.
Everybody spread out and look for that bag
that we came in through.
I really look for it.
All right.
Sharpie, you see it's a small box.
It just catches your eye.
I got a box over here.
The rest of you find nothing of value.
John Doe has the upper hand.
What's in the box?
That's Nick Cage.
I open it carefully with my switchblade.
You open the box and you see,
it's just a ton of cigarettes.
I dump them out.
All right.
Cigarettes litter the floor.
I keep looking for the bag.
You don't find anything.
What do I find?
You guys didn't find anything except he found this box of cigarettes.
All right.
I smoke one of the cigarettes because I could use a smoke.
Wasn't there one guy who wanted cigarettes?
Remember him?
Yeah, so we murdered him.
Did we murder him?
Probably.
Historically speaking, yes.
Okay, I'm fucking confused.
Is this a wall?
Well, we don't want to get out to the tundra, right?
We don't want to do that.
I guess not. I mean, we're not really dressed for it.
And there's no way...
We've said the thing we're in on fire.
Yeah.
There is no lesson to be learned from this.
Well, don't rob people.
We were so...
What did I do?
We're turning on each other like a Stephen King.
What is my cactus card?
It's a small card.
It's laminated.
It says the cactus bunch.
And my little painted stick,
we never figured out what that did, right?
Nope.
I cast acid splash on the maroon,
where are you aiming it?
At the pinhole
where my lightning bolts...
So you do that and it splashes
and you see sizzling
and little bits of smoke as it
kind of spreads this hole wider.
It's maybe now the size of a head-sized hole.
It's just still seeing white.
Now a bit of snow is kind of coming in.
Sounds great.
I have three vials of acid.
Can I throw those on there?
Sure, yeah.
What do you guys think?
Using the remaining acid in your possession,
you acid up an entire man-sized hole
big enough for someone to fit through,
like a man
or a woman.
I go through it with my cloak of resistance on.
You do that.
Is anyone else going to do anything?
Oh, I have boots of wintry mite.
Yeah.
So I put those on
and I go out
and I'm like, hey, I've got your boots.
Two winter?
Oh, okay.
You guys, you both exit
and you see as you step out
you feel your body changing
and as you step out,
you see on the floor a bag
with a hole in it.
Bag!
Is this our bag?
You see smoke issuing out of it.
Oh, fuck you.
Did we acid the bag?
No.
It's a bag on fire too or whatever's in there.
I look in the bag.
You poke your head in the bag
and you see Bill Martigan's
and Sharpie and Moran and shit
and a fire all over the place.
What the fuck?
We're just back where we started from?
No, you're in the snow.
Outside there's a bag and it's a portal
to just inside what we set on fire.
Alright, I pick up the bag.
You guys are still inside this fire.
I have some kind of resist
hellscape. Anybody have to have any ideas
what we should do right now?
Throw snow in the bag.
You're gonna put out the fire.
How much snow are we gonna throw in the bag?
All of it.
I take a handful of snow and I throw it in the bag.
You take a handful of snow
and throw it into the bag.
Sharpie, a handful of snow
comes and falls onto the floor.
That's great.
Yeah.
Really fixed everything.
I'm coming out.
I go out through the hole.
I know I had some kind of resist
elements.
I think all of you have cloaks of resistance.
We'll put them all on.
Come on, Heldor, as
Christopher.
Do we see anything?
You see nothing. It's all tundra style.
Wait a second.
The brightness of the tundra is moving
towards you.
Looks like a large humanoid figure
maybe about seven or eight feet tall.
This would probably be an ally.
Right?
Someone that will help us out.
Why don't you go up there and...
I go up there and I go, hey, how's it going?
I introduce myself to her.
How do you do?
I'm Quark.
I introduce myself to who knows who.
It's pretty far off,
but you do that
and it shuffles closer to you.
It seems like a big
hairy man
sort of thing covered in white fur.
These things are always misunderstood.
It's like a Yeti
situation.
But like a Harry Henderson kind of Yeti.
It's a hairy.
Yo-ho!
We love you!
It continues to draw closer.
We don't judge you for being a monster.
Oh, don't use the M word!
That's their word!
Are you human-splaining?
The M word.
Alright, well, yeah.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello.
My name's Sharpie Butzalad.
I love you. You're a Yeti.
You're super intelligent
and misunderstood and you're going to help us out.
The Yeti continues
drawing nearer
and then you see it move its arm
and a large frozen neck
comes over all of your bodies.
Oh.
He's giving us a blanket with holes in it.
Cliff Hanger!
Thank you, Heldor.
Heldor, everybody.
Hello, consultants.
Thank you, Guy, that was bored with the soccer talk.
Thank you very much.
I agree.
Thank you, uh...
Who else talked?
Kumail Nanjiani, Tumor Boy.
Tumor Boy?
Promote the X-Files podcast again?
X-Files on Ferro.
We talk about X-Files. Dan Stunnery's going to do it again.
Listen to it.
Thank you very much, everybody. Spencer Crittenden.
Kumail Nanjiani. I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for the mayor, Dan Harmon.